hey guys so to start this face off as
always I started with a primer and I
really prefer a matte look right now my
face is breaking out a little bit right
now so I did start out with my applying
primer and this one is from moojiji know
this is a shine control primer with the
rice protein complex I'm a big fan of
this gives your face a nice smooth
finish and it magnifies your face
without running it out too much next
time that you go right ahead and move
onto my foundation you guys know that
love love loving the Lancome Tati jewel
altar 24-hour I absolutely love this
foundation I love the fact that it wears
well has really deep really gorgeous
nice warm colors and that's hard to find
and deeper tone sometimes once you get a
certain thickness they try to stick you
with red so I'm really really loving the
foundation from Lancome for that reason
I'm also going to go ahead and mix in
some fashion fair this is their fast
finish stick foundation and I'm really
liking this right now and well I always
loved it a lovely finish but the reason
why it makes it in today since I am
getting deeper the rest of my body is a
lot deeper than my face so I'm going to
go ahead and play a little bit more of
matching names with my vibe and face
foundation it has been a lot warmer in
LA lately and my skin is a little bit
more oily so I do like to set my
foundation with a spray as well as the
powder set so I'm gonna go ahead and
apply that to my face let that sit in
the brush the excess away and following
my powder set I am going to set it with
a liquid setting spray and this is from
graftobian if you guys are not familiar
with graphical being
to get familiar there's a great products
at great prices and it's more of a
makeup artist grant go ahead and use
some bronzer today I absolutely am in
love with the Shea Moisture bronzer I
love the tone I love the fact that it's
not too sparkly I love the fact that
it's deep and it's just a really really
great bronzer for moving the darker
today Beach cosmetic brushes as well as
Sonia Kashuk I do have a review coming
because BH Cosmetics has some of my
favorite brushes their foundation brush
their new sibling brushes pretty awesome
and back in the day they had a white
fluffy I think it was go pear blush
brush that was very very fond of today
I'm actually using a Sonia Kashuk blush
brush with my ingot NYX blush in orange
I'm meeting all-time ties and I
absolutely love the results that it
feels okay that's all I'm gonna need you
to do is go ahead and line your lash
line very very closely or if you want to
make a thicker line you can definitely
do that but I wanted to keep my eyes
wide so I just did a little bit of thin
line so I can hide my eyelash band